You’ve gotta dance like there’s nobody watching, love like you’ll never be hurt, sing like there’s nobody listening, and live like it’s heaven on earth. - William W. Purkey
Fairy tales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten.- Neil Gaiman
Everything you can imagine is real.- Pablo Picasso
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us. - Helen Keller
Do one thing every day that scares you.- Eleanor Roosevelt
It’s no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then.- Lewis Carroll
Smart people learn from everything and everyone, average people from their experiences, stupid people already have all the answers. – Socrates
Do what you feel in your heart to be right – for you’ll be criticized anyway.- Eleanor Roosevelt
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions. - Dalai Lama XIV
Whatever you are, be a good one. - Abraham Lincoln
The same boiling water that softens the potato hardens the egg. It’s what you’re made of. Not the circumstances. – Unknown
If we have the attitude that it’s going to be a great day it usually is. – Catherine Pulsifier
You can either experience the pain of discipline or the pain of regret. The choice is yours.  – Unknown
Impossible is just an opinion. – Paulo Coelho
Your passion is waiting for your courage to catch up. – Isabelle Lafleche
Magic is believing in yourself. If you can make that happen, you can make anything happen. – Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
If something is important enough, even if the odds are stacked against you, you should still do it. – Elon Musk
Hold the vision, trust the process. – Unknown






Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. – John D. Rockefeller




People who wonder if the glass is half empty or full miss the point. The glass is refillable. – Unknown
Just another Magic Monday – Unknown
One day or day one. You decide. – Unknown
It’s Monday… time to motivate and make dreams and goals happen. Let’s go! – Heather Stillufsen
It was a Monday and they walked on a tightrope to the sun.- Marcus Zusak
Goodbye blue Monday. - Kurt Vonnegut
So. Monday. We meet again. We will never be friends—but maybe we can move past our mutual enmity toward a more-positive partnership. - Julio-Alexi Genao
When life gives you Monday, dip it in glitter and sparkle all day. – Ella Woodword
No one is to blame for your future situation but yourself. If you want to be successful, then become Successful.- Jaymin Shah
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle.- Abraham Lincoln
Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits.- Thomas Edison
Every sucessful person in the world is a hustler one way or another. We all hustle to get where we need to be. Only a fool would sit around and wait on another man to feed him. - K’wan
Invest in your dreams. Grind now. Shine later. – Unknown
Hustlers don’t sleep, they nap. – Unknown
Greatness only comes before hustle in the dictionary. – Ross Simmonds
Without hustle, talent will only carry you so far. – Gary Vaynerchuk
Work like there is someone working twenty four hours a day to take it away from you. – Mark Cuban
Hustle in silence and let your success make the noise. – Unknown
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit. – Aristotle
If you’re offered a seat on a rocket ship, don’t ask what seat! Just get on. – Sheryl Sandberg
I always did something I was a little not ready to do. I think that’s how you grow. When there’s that moment of ‘Wow, I’m not really sure I can do this,’ and you push through those moments, that’s when you have a breakthrough. – Marissa Mayer
If you hear a voice within you say ‘you cannot paint,’ then by all means paint and that voice will be silenced. – Vincent Van Gogh
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. – Anne Frank
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen. – Michael Jordan
Great things are done by a series of small things brought together – Vincent Van Gogh
If you hire people just because they can do a job, they’ll work for your money. But if you hire people who believe what you believe, they’ll work for you with blood and sweat and tears. – Simon Sinek
Very often, a change of self is needed more than a change of scene.’ – A.C. Benson
Leaders can let you fail and yet not let you be a failure. – Stanley McChrystal
It’s not the load that breaks you down, it’s the way you carry it. – Lou Holtz
The hard days are what make you stronger. – Aly Raisman
If you believe it’ll work out, you’ll see opportunities. If you don’t believe it’ll work out, you’ll see obstacles. – Wayne Dyer
Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground. – Theodore Roosevelt
You can waste your lives drawing lines. Or you can live your life crossing them. – Shonda Rhimes
You’ve got to get up every morning with determination if you’re going to go to bed with satisfaction. – George Lorimer
I now tried a new hypothesis: It was possible that I was more in charge of my happiness than I was allowing myself to be. – Michelle Obama
In a gentle way, you can shake the world. – Mahatma Gandhi
If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door. – Kurt Cobain
Don’t be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart. – Roy T. Bennett
Work hard in silence, let your success be the noise. – Frank Ocean
